I can't bear to see your haggard look
Otherwise, you will secretly copy Dongfang Run's notes
And the fact that you are the real little brother
Tell your wife
In my opinion, Mrs. Sister-in-law?
He's not a man who can't handle things
I'm tired of looking at you turning around like this
But I hope he only loves me, You Mingxuan
It has nothing to do with my childhood brother
It has nothing to do with my identity
It's not about anything.
Today is your birthday
What are you going to do?
Dancing without telling my sister-in-law
He already gave me a birthday present.
Who?
Ah hello
This is a gift from Miss Liu
Mr. You Mingxuan's birthday cake
Happy birthday to Mr. You